API DOCUMENTATIONOverview:This documentation illustrates a Python web application named ęRender Detection APIė that is running on Render (Cloud Computing Platform). The application or API is intended to analyze facial images using machine-learning technology and generate predictions: the probability of depression. API Endpoints: The endpoint uses the Fast API library and can be accessed using HTTP GET or POST URL requests. The GET request simply returns a dictionary with a greeting message: "Hi there": "You reached the endpoint!". The POST request expects a base64-encoded image in the body of the request and passes it to the predit_depression() function.The predit_depression() function takes the base64-encoded image as input, preprocesses it, and uses a TensorFlow model to predict the probability of depression. If the probability is less than 0.01, the function returns a ę<0.01ė prediction. Otherwise, it rounds the probability to two decimal places and returns it as a string.The preprocess_image() function takes the base64-encoded image as input, decodes it, converts it to a grayscale image, detects faces in the image using the Haar Cascade classifier, crops and resizes the image to 100x100 pixels, normalizes it, and expands the dimensions of the image to match the input dimensions of the TensorFlow model.Parameters: The POST request should include a JSON object with the following properties: Key: String - ęimageė, Value: String - base64-encoded image Responses: * 200 OK: The API will return this response when the request is successful, and the app is able to analyze the image data provided by the user. The response will include a JSON object with the following properties:Key: String - ęPredictionėValue: String ą A score between 0 and 1 indicating the probability of depression * 500 Internal Server Error: The API will return this response when there is an error on the server side, or the image data was corrupted.RenderNote that the API is running with a free plan so it will spin down with inactivity. To prevent this behavior upgrading to a paid instance type is needed. Link to manage the API* Example of making a request:- 